c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\Bootcamp.WPF.exe.config
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\Bootcamp.WPF.exe
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\Bootcamp.WPF.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\obj\Debug\Bootcamp.WPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\obj\Debug\Bootcamp.WPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\obj\Debug\Bootcamp.WPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\obj\Debug\Bootcamp.WPF.g.resources
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\obj\Debug\Bootcamp.WPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\obj\Debug\Bootcamp.WPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\obj\Debug\Bootcamp.WPF.exe
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\obj\Debug\Bootcamp.WPF.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\Microservice.BusinessLogic.exe
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\Microservice.Common.exe
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\Microservice.DataAccess.exe
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\Microservice.BusinessLogic.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\Microservice.Common.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\Microservice.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\felix\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.WPF\Bootcamp.WPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
